Create an on-demand backup job of an Amazon EFS file system
What you will learn
•	How to create an on-demand backup job of an Amazon EFS file system
•	How to use a backup plan to backup Amazon EFS resources - using a backup plan within AWS Backup lets you automate your backups on a schedule
•	How to add resources to an existing backup plan using tags
Note:
A 10 GB file system will cost $3 per month. You can refer to the Amazon EFS pricing page for more details. For AWS Backup pricing, refer to the AWS Backup pricing page.  
AWS Backup: use AWS Backup to centralize and automate data protection across AWS services and hybrid workloads. AWS Backup offers a cost-effective, fully managed, policy-based service that further simplifies data protection at scale. AWS Backup also helps you support your regulatory compliance or business policies for data protection.

EFS: Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) automatically grows and shrinks as you add and remove files with no need for management or provisioning.
Following Steps we will do 
Step 1: Go to the AWS Backup console

Step 2: Configure an on-demand AWS Backup job of an Amazon EFS file system

Step 3: Configure an automatic AWS Backup job of an Amazon EFS file system

Step 4: Restore an Amazon EFS file system using AWS Backup

Step 5: Clean up

5.1 Delete the Amazon EFS file system
5.2 Delete the AWS Backup recovery point

o	AWS Backup provides three ways to get started using the AWS Backup console:
	Start from an existing plan: You can create a new backup plan based on the configurations in an existing plan. Be aware that backup plans created by AWS Backup are based on backup best practices and common backup policy configurations. When you select an existing backup plan to start from, the configurations from that backup plan are automatically populated for your new backup plan. You can then change any of these configurations according to your backup requirements.
	Build a new plan from scratch: You can create a new backup plan by specifying each of the backup configuration details, as described in the next section. You can choose from the recommended default configurations.
	Define a plan using JSON: You can modify the JSON expression of an existing backup plan or create a new expression.



Note:
You can mount the restored Amazon EFS files system on an Amazon EC2 instance to access the files and directories that were restored from a backup of the EFS file system.

You can also Refer:
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/amazon-efs-backup-and-restore-using-aws-backup/


